docs: tw798 (#3270)
OffchainLabs/arbitrum-docs: docs/for-devs/third-party-docs/Circle/usdc-paymaster-quickstart.mdx

### How Circle Paymaster handles transactions with a bundler

> Paymaster is operated by Circle and integrates with bundlers such as Pimlico and Alchemy, which facilitate transaction bundling. A bundler is a service that collects user operations, combines them into a single transaction, and submits it to the blockchain network for execution, optimizing gas usage and efficiency. Below are the sequential steps outlining how Paymaster processes a transaction, with references to relevant contract functions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Paymaster is operated by Circle and integrates with bundlers such as Pimlico and Alchemy, which facilitate transaction bundling. A bundler is a service that collects user operations, combines them into a single transaction, and submits it to the blockchain network for execution, optimizing gas usage and efficiency. The following sequential steps outline how Paymaster processes a transaction, with references to relevant contract functions:
```
